Welcome back, guys.
So here I have a very cool problem for you.
And first of all, I want you to go through this.
And there are.
And types of people in the world, those who understand binary and those who don't.
So is this ten or.
You can convert this to binary, right?
Now let's move on to the.
Problem.
So the problem is very nice and it will give you a deeper dive into what is actually.
Finally.
Excellent intuition.
It's a divide and conquer approach.
Right.
But we are actually using manipulation to code.
Despite eight to.
The problem is very simple.
You are coding this in C++, so do not think of any other language because it will become very easy.
What you have is you have been given tremendous.
Fabianski The fun fact is that all these three are less than equals returning to the power.
15 eight And what you want to do is you want to find out e in to be.
My feet.
So you want to find out this in the report, see how they do it.
So just imagine yourself sitting in an interview and solving this problem.
This was a video.
And try to do this.
So, of course, guys, brute force won't work.
So you can just see out into.
We might see.
Vote by.
By brute force won't work.
Because.
Employees because is often with about 15, we also often do the above 15 range.
If you multiply them even in like even in like inside, or if you're just multiplying them, this,
this is actually exceeding my long, long interchange.
Even on same long, long trains is also being exceeded.
If you multiplied these two values because the range of the new number will go around ten to the poverty
rate which cannot be stored in any format, it can be stored in string eight.
But that will become again a heavier task auditing.
Put it as strings and you have to do that pen and paper job again.
So I'm not asking for a string solution, but a good one.
So how do you do it, guys?
So this one work, we ought to be very clear with this because this is going above the limit of my long,
long unit and it will give me a garbage value to garbage valued.
Marty will be another garbage or you will.
So this is not working the sickness.
Some of you might be thinking the second approach and that is e.
More c.
Into.
We might see, Marty.
That's how we distribute my insight when we're trying to find is.
Again, I used the same reason.
So let's see.
Let's see.
That is equals.
To be is equal to returning above 15 and sees equals return to the above 15 minus one.
It is nine, 14 times eight.
Whatever.
So if you take MOOC.
Okay.
So I think I have just reversed the situation.
So let's say as he was too busy, goes to return to the power.
15 minus one.
Right.
And season ended about 15.
If you take out, then it will be only because C is greater than the immunity guys.
B more c will be.
B only because it is greater than.
Because she's eager to then be ready to what this problem statement converting to what does it actually
become?
It becomes a normal statement that is aimed to be multi.
We're NBA legend and the finances are present and above.
What I mean to say is this march is unnecessary here in this case.
Again for the end, we are offering 15, ten, 12, 15.
Both of them are out of this range.
They can't cannot be multiplied by brute force.
I just want you to.
If if you're not like if you weren't here.
And so this is normal that you are watching this video on the topic of.
Binary multiplication.
So instead of exponential, we have multiplication.
Is this nothing different?
So.
It got a few relatable.
It's like relatable from this to this, you can easily relate.
It is in binary exponential and what happens?
Anyway, let's write a binary multiplication.
Binary x1 intuition.
What does it do?
Is it calculate eight of the power to be and this will get a grid in to be more than will be taken later.
Do not worry about eight.
The counting is in by an exponential action.
It is actually a multiplied by times.
We don't meet environment obligation.
It is A-plus e plus e plus e ratings in both.
What we'll do is we'll simply divide.
Or break.
Being too binary.
Eight and.
The rest of the part will remain seemingly so here in like binary exponential I would actually multiplying
error resulting, but in binding multiplication I will simply add a to the resultant.
Here I am.
So you're saying is it goes to a square.
But in binary multiplication I'll see is equal to 28.
What does that mean?
That if I want to find out e in do.
That is an excellent example to entertain.
So how can this be done?
This can be done.
Is doing do for.
But went 28 plus two into two.
Eight because I've divided ten into bands.
Not a big deal.
Guys divide the next term into binary.
And finally, do they do these multiplications and continuously take mod eight.
So a very easy, a very easy task guys.
So let's call it out.
I don't think much explanation is to do a.
Yeah.
If I want to.
Yeah, this is it.
Me.
Save it.
I saved it.
Yeah, I've saved it.
So let's multiply.
My deep lie.
Let's multiply it into be.
With some with some sort of C instead of this mark and.
At stake.
This is a return as he goes to one guy.
It's not a big deal.
So again, until I have B, then what I need to do is simple.
If.
I don't.
I don't know why I did it.
Is it if B and one then resultant is equal to the the retained plus e not multiply this time is equal
to two into we.
Or instead we can record every ten is a plus equals two.
And this lets you go through to the formalistic.
A very basic example is true to the Republican and let's say the models are very big integer 29 plus
soon.
I choke it, multiply.
Okay.
But these children will not be born.
It will be zero because right now animating things aren't multiplying eight initially zero.
Yeah.
So I've got 20 and it's about 20 right now to march or not work because we're doing it on this party
again, running to 20 will be four and I hope you understood this part.
Now let's do the marvellous part again.
The same thing that they're doing is it go through their own pleasure.
Whenever Ritalin exceeds my limit, let stigma.
And similarly age goes for two in the end.
And it went away exceeded my moral limit.
Let's take it.
Oh, it's sigmoid by the.
Well, why am I doing this vivo exceed my long, long interchange?
Because a very, very good problem is that I'm just adding a resultant rate.
So resultant is becoming resultant plus B of these both resultant and E are less than ten to about 15
because I am continuously taking more if you when they exceed 10 to 15, I'm going to be taking my rate.
If I add both of them, then what will be the range from ten to the above 16?
In the worst case, if I do indeed as often as above 15 range in the wash because they can go to the
end of the word 16 but this standard of 16 is easily storable in my data, in my long longing.
Easily story builds because we are just adding bandages entities and again for the second operation
is very easy.
We're not multiplying anything and so this is doing it.
Of course we are multiplying, but we can also write it as a plus equals two.
We.
Right.
So again, what I'm doing is I'm saying, is it going to be a blessing?
Again, I'm adding two integers of it instead of the 15, so their total range will be less than ten
to the power 16 and then penalty mode will again become less than 10 to 15 Y because t is less than
ten to the power 15 while taking more by C they will again move back.
This is just to give you a brief idea about how does exponential what is what is binary conversion of
a number?
How is this VI loop actually working?
So it's not about multiplication or only about exponential.
This can be used in various places.
In the next topic you will see what is metrics exponential.
So in Dallas we will be using the same thing.
H I just want to give you a very.
Diverse application of binary numbers.
So it's it isn't like a binding numbers are a very big thing and they are kind of give to the humanity
because everything that we see is working in binary.
They may be like hundred, 200 years.
Everything works in quantum's which are not perfect binaries.
But yes, right now this is possible because of binary.
Right.
And yeah, we'll see in the next four days.
Thank you.